feat: add AC for vAMM during opening auction (#2301)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0042-LIQF-setting_fees_and_rewarding_lps.md

- A vAMM which was active on the market with an average of `10000` liquidity units (`price * volume`) provided for half the epoch, and then `0` for the second half of the epoch (as the price was out of the vAMM's configured range), and where the `market.liquidity.stakeToCcyVolume` value is `100`, will have an implied commitment of `50`. (<a name="0042-LIQF-109" href="#0042-LIQF-109">0042-LIQF-109</a>)
- A vAMM which was active on the market with an average of `10000` liquidity units (`price * volume`) provided for half the epoch, and then is cancelled for the second half of the epoch, and where the `market.liquidity.stakeToCcyVolume` value is `100`, will have an implied commitment of `50`. (<a name="0042-LIQF-110" href="#0042-LIQF-110">0042-LIQF-110</a>)
- A vAMM which was active on the market with an average of `10000` liquidity units (`price * volume`) provided for half the epoch, and then `5000` for the second half of the epoch (as the price was out of the vAMM's configured range), and where the `market.liquidity.stakeToCcyVolume` value is `100`, will have an implied commitment of `75`. (<a name="0042-LIQF-111" href="#0042-LIQF-111">0042-LIQF-111</a>)

> - A vAMM that was active during the market's opening auction should receive the same liquidity fee as a normal LP in the next epoch if they submit an AMM with the same implied commitment (<a name="0042-LIQF-112" href="#0042-LIQF-112">0042-LIQF-112</a>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a vAMM was active during the market's opening auction if the opening auction ended and if trades were placed before the end of an epoch the vAMM should receive liquidity fee at epoch boundary (just like a normal LP that submitted bond during opening auction and then met the SLA) (<a name="0042-LIQF-112" href="#0042-LIQF-112">0042-LIQF-112</a>)
```
